“You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,
Love like you'll never be hurt,
Sing like there's nobody listening,
And live like it's heaven on earth.”
-- William W. Purkey

“This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to 
mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is 
you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be 
your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, 
some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything 
- they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. 
Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. 
As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, 
I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all 
of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give 
up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. 
You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes 
for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're 
gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, 
always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, 
sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most 
importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing 
and there's so much to smile about.”
-- Marilyn Monroe

“To laugh often and love much; to win the respect of intelligent 
persons and the affection of children; to earn the approbation of 
honest citizens and endure the betrayal of false friends; to 
appreciate beauty; to find the best in others; to give of one’s 
self; to leave the world a bit better, whether by a healthy child, 
a garden patch or a redeemed social condition; to have played and 
laughed with enthusiasm and sung with exultation; to know even one 
life has breathed easier because you have lived—this is to have succeeded.”
-- Bessie Anderson Stanley

“In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, 
but planning is indispensable.”
-- Dwight D. Eisenhower 

“Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. 
Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon 
as you can. Tomorrow is a new day. You shall begin it serenely and with 
too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.”
-- Ralph Waldo Emerson

“The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives 
fully is prepared to die at any time.”
-- Mark Twain

“To love. To be loved. To never forget your own insignificance. 
To never get used to the unspeakable violence and the vulgar disparity 
of life around you. To seek joy in the saddest places. To pursue beauty 
to its lair. To never simplify what is complicated or complicate what 
is simple. To respect strength, never power. Above all, to watch. 
To try and understand. To never look away. And never, never to forget.”
-- Arundhati Roy

“The saddest aspect of life right now is that 
science gathers knowledge faster 
than society gathers wisdom.”
-- Isaac Asimov

“We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange 
that self may prove to be.”
-- May Sarton

“Life is to be enjoyed, not endured”
-- Gordon B. Hinckley

“How many slams in an old screen door? Depends how loud you shut it. 
How many slices in a bread? Depends how thin you cut it. 
How much good inside a day? Depends how good you live 'em. 
How much love inside a friend? Depends how much you give 'em.”
-- Shel Silverstein

“Do you know how there are moments when the world moves so slowly you can feel 
your bones shifting, your mind tumbling? When you think that no matter what 
happens to you for the rest of your life, you will remember every last detail 
of that one minute forever?”
-- Jodi Picoult

“The very idea of making shoes by hand boggled her mind.”
-- Scott Westerfeld

“Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number 
of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michaelangelo, 
Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.”
-- H. Jackson Brown Jr.

“When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the 
key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when 
I grew up. I wrote down ‘happy’. They told me I didn’t understand the 
assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.”
-- John Lennon

“Simplicity, patience, compassion.
These three are your greatest treasures.
Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being.
Patient with both friends and enemies,
you accord with the way things are.
Compassionate toward yourself,
you reconcile all beings in the world.”
-- Lao Tzu

“Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?”
-- Abraham Lincoln

“Never be so busy as not to think of others.”
-- Mother Teresa

“If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.”
-- Amy Tan

“If you're trapped in the dream of the other you're fucked.”
-- Gilles Deleuze

“The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: 
     therefore, guard accordingly, and take care that you entertain 
     no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature.”
-- Marcus Aurelius


I look at the trouble and see that it's raging,
while my guitar gently weeps.
As I'm sitting here, doing nothing but aging,
still, my guitar gently weeps. 
-- George Harrison    
